In this lecture we will recap what we learned in this section in this section of the course we learned
about some useful CSSA features.
First we learned about CSSA and these CSSA And these are combinations of letters and numbers that let
us display HVM male characters.
We learned how to use several CMOS entities and how to mix them into our ASML content using the before
and after selectors.
We also learned how to add custom entities as bullet points to our lists.
Next we learned about the different types of units CSSA gives us to size elements on our Web page.
There are two types of sizes we can work with and SS absolute and relative an absolute length is a fixed
unit that will make an element display the exact size specified or relative length takes into account
factors like viewport size and scaling the element the absolute units that CSSA gives us our pixels
points millimeters picos centimeters and inches in terms of relative sizes.
We can specify units and E M E X S.H. R.E.M. VW VH V men v Macs and percent and E-M is relative to the
size of an element that e x unit is based on the size of the lower case X and whatever font we use another
relative font unit S.H. bases its size on the number 0 in a font.
S.H. stands for character the relative unit our GM sets the font size based on the root font size of
the web page.
R.E.M. stands for root and VW stands for a viewport with Unit 1 VW is equivalent to 1 percent of the
viewport with of the H stands for a viewport height Unit 1 VH is equivalent to 1 percent of the viewport
height.
The main stance for the viewport minimum and this relative unit is based on it at a height or width
of the viewport.
Whichever one is smaller the max stands for a viewport maximum and this relative unit is also based
on the height or width of the viewport.
Whichever one is larger in the next section we will look at a summary of what we learned in this course.